h1. Clipboard Scripts

A collection of scripts that operate on the OSX pasteboard.
I trigger these from Quicksilver, but they'd work from Google Quick Search Box
or any other launcher capable of launching shell scripts.

h2. ToDo

* would "this":http://github.com/janlelis/clipboard make these tools cross-platform?

h2. Prerequisites

* @ruby@, @rubygems@ (both of these are part of OSX since Tiger)
* "Quicksilver":http://github.com/downloads/tiennou/blacktree-alchemy (or something equally awesome (if such a thing exists)) with the "Terminal Module" plugin
** Quicksilver Install
**# [skippable if you've already installed Quicksilver or a mythical something equally awesome] download and install "Quicksilver":http://github.com/downloads/tiennou/blacktree-alchemy/Quicksilver-b57-3840.tar.gz/qr_code
**# Invoke Quicksilver and hit @<Command><,>@ (hold the squiggly apple key and tap the comma key, which I'll say as @<Command><,>@ next time) to get to the preferences panel
**# click to Plugins and tick the "Terminal Module" plugin checkbox


h2. Install

# *are you a geek?*
#* *no:*
#*# make a new directory for geeky stuff like this (I suggest @code@ in your home directory)
#*# download "these scripts":http://github.com/matthewfallshaw/clipboard-scripts/zipball/master , and unzip them into your new @code@ directory (that'll unzips to an ugly directory name that includes this GitHub account and a version string - you may want to rename it to just plain @clipboard-scripts@)
#* *yes:*
#*# from your code directory: @git clone git://github.com/matthewfallshaw/clipboard-scripts.git@
# from Terminal.app:
  (since you have Quicksilver you won't reach for your mouse to open Terminal.app, you'll Invoke Quicksilver (default @<Ctrl><Space>@), then type just enough of @terminal@ for Quicksilver to offer it to you, and hit @<Enter>@)
  @$ cd ~/code/clipboard-scripts@  (that's the new, unzipped directory you just downloaded, or the directory you just @git cloned@)
  @$ ./install.rb@
  (say 'a' to accept everything)
# Invoke Quicksilver
# @<Command><,>@ (for preferences)
# Catalog
# Click the '+' in the bottom left and add a File & Folder Scanner
# Select the bin subdirectory of this directory
# Click the small 'i' in the bottom right
# "Include Contents:" Folder Contents (Depth: 2)
# @<Command><r>@ (to rescan catalog)
# now (and always):
## select and copy any text which has formatting
## Invoke Quicksilver
## type enough of @pb-unformat@ to let Quicksilver find that script (probably just @unformat@)
   now you have completely unformated text in the clipboard 

h2. License

This work is licensed under a <a rel="license"
href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/au/"
>Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Australia License</a>.

h2. Tags

OSX Hacks, clipboard, pasteboard, shortcuts.
